Improved Docs (#50)
buildbot/buildbot-website: README.md

You will shall install nodejs and [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/lang/en/)

> Node.js is an open source server environment. It runs on various platforms (Windows, Linux, Unix, Mac OS X, etc.)

Reviewer: I'd rather take the official description. We don't really use node.js as a server environment, but rather for building javascript frontend
```suggestion
Node.js® is a JavaScript runtime built on Chrome's V8 JavaScript engine. It runs on various platforms (Windows, Linux, Unix, Mac OS X, etc.)
```
